## GPLv3 does not apply to icons inside the assets/icons folder

The project's license does not apply to the icons in the assets/icons folder. Images in that folder were generated by Bing Image Creator and Recraft AI and are owned by the companies behind these services respectively. No commercial use is allowed.

## Algorithm for updating the predefined groceries

1. Switch the Gradle build variant to debug
2. Build and launch the app with existing data
3. Update files in the debug/assets source set
4. Update change lists
5. Update the icon archive (if you changed icons)
6. Without uninstalling the app or clearing its data, build and launch the app again
7. Verify the data on the device has been updated
8. Uninstall the app, switch to the release mode, and build again
9. Copy the changes to the top-level assets folder
10. Push changes to the develop branch
11. Open a pull request to the production branch
12. After the PR got merged, relaunch the app to trigger updates, without uninstalling the app or clearing its data
13. Verify the data on the device has been updated
14. At this point the data on users' devices should get updated as well once they open the app again

## Contributing icons

- If you are a designer who wants to add new icons and you don't know git and GitHub well, it will be easier to just email me and not go through this complicated process yourself. Please, submit them in PNG format and make sure their copyright allows at least non-commercial use.
- If you are not a designer but want to suggest some currently missing icons, feel free to reach out as well.

If there is demand, the process of adding and contributing icons will be improved in the future.